hey bladeops today we are taking a look
at the brand new bench made serum and
this knife is a dual action blade so
that means it is like it says there on
the little tab an automatic knife and a
manual folder so very cool I'll show
that to you in just a second here is the
box that it comes in product code on the
benchmade serum is the 5400 this model
is the SB caso serrated black version
and it happens to be a first production
run here is the serum really excited to
have a brand new blade from bench made
in the shop this has a g10 handle scale
but not texturize g10 it's milled so
it's smooth and it has the milling for
texture plenty of traction on that and
then those have a steel liner you can
see there's a little bit of
skeletonizing there on the liner pocket
clip benchmade arrow pocket clip right
or left-handed side tip up carry there
is a great look at the blade benchmade
serum black part serrated 3.4 7 inches
of the 154cm steel thumb studs part
serrated and like I said a first
production run this one happens to be
number 34 of 500 so let's talk about the
action it has the axis system and if you
want to fire it out automatically you
pull down the axis has a little bit of
resistance there at the bottom and the
knife flies out and we'll do that again
so you want to see the knife fly
automatically you slide down the axis
system through the resistance at the
bottom and then I flies out you want to
use the knife as a manual folder you
just go ahead and use the thumb studs
and the knife opens very smoothly still
close it with the axis system it still
locks up rock solid with the axis system
either way I really like this blade I
like the idea of the automatic version
and also being able to just open it up
like a regular folding blade so there's
another good look at it close
you got jimping on the spacer there off
on the blade really as usual with
Benchmade over bill it's gonna be a
solid utility blade carry knife everyday
carry if you want to call it a tactical
blade if your military law enforcement
deployed this is going to be an
excellent everyday carry with the
automatic feature and also being able to
open it manually solid well-built it
does not have a safety it doesn't need
it
being a manual folder and the access
system has plenty of resistance down
there at the bottom so a great blade
price on these two hundred twenty-five
dollars twenty-five cents that's what
shipping and everything included you got
that nice open design so there is your
demo of the brand-new benchmade serum
5400 comment down below and check it out
bladeops